Boys in Blue.
There was an old man, and he was bent with age.
He landed in this village...
Is this an express office, sir?
I'm looking for my son.
They tell me that his plane was due at this place at half-past one.
Oh, you have made a sad mistake, I'd like to let you know.
This is an express office, sir, and not a train depot.
Oh, you don't understand me, sir, with trembling words he said.
Not coming as a passenger but coming to me dead.
Just in the whistle pierced the air. The express someone cried. And the tears the old man shed As it quickly passed outside.
A casket in a long white box
Was buried to the ground And the tears on every face As they quickly gathered around.
Don't handle him so roughly boy for that is my darling Jack?
He went away as you are now, See how he's coming back.
He's gone and broke his mother's heart...
She told him he would come back dead, if he joined those boys in blue.